So, now that we have our common layout set up,
we need that static directory.
Now, next has this special pages directory,
which you've already met,
and there is also the static directory,
literally called static.
Oops, not like that.
Which will serve static content out of.
So, that means if I put an image
inside of the static directory.
Let's call that remy, okay?
And, I go over to my code.
If I open this header and put
this common image source equals.
I'll come back to that in a second.
This is gonna be /static/remy.jpg.
Hit Save, and that will now appear
on the top of all these pages, so.
Anything in that /static page will be served over
as just static content.
And we can change this using a variable
that we pass into next,
and I'll show you that later.
We can change this point to
like a CDN or anything like that,
and I'll show you that in later episodes.
So the next thing I want to do here
is really out of stylesheet,
but my toothy grin is not what we want here.
What we want to do is add in a stylesheet up here.
Now, I could just do link rel equals stylesheet,
href equals static/styles.css.
And I need to put that file in place
so I'm just gonna do touch and styles.css
and I open that styles.
I'm just gonna paste in some styles I already had.
And that will kind of work.
Except, kind of in a weird place.
If we look at the elements, downloads,
just quickly using the
can't sort of find that link element.
Scroll into view.
Reveal in panel, here we go.
So, nope, that was the wrong one.
Excuse me.
Rel equals stylesheet.
There we go.
So you can see it's kind of in the wrong place.
That should be up in the head, right?
Feels wrong that it's down there in that download.
So, another component that next provides,
and we're going to render this in the head of the element.
We're going to import Head from next/head.
Okay, and if you're familiar with a tool called helmet,
which react helmet, which is basically just
a component where you put all of your head components
like your misc tabs, and all those bits and bobs,
into there, then this is what Head does,
it's kind of a similar thing to that
but it works server side as well.
So we're just gonna pop that into the Head.
Save, and this should just update.
Nothing really happens at this point.
But if we look at that dom tree again,
we should see, there we go.
That stylesheet is in the head element.
And we can do the same thing with a title element,
a title attribute.
So we'll do title, Nextconf Schedule.
Okay, we're building a conference schedule website.
Title, and we're gonna do title, this.
That appears up in the top there, you see?
So I've set a default title because we haven't set one,
I can do go over to contacts page
and do a title equals Contact us.
So we're on the contact page.
Update, let's go to the About.
We're gonna do title equal, oops,
About, title equals About the app.
All right.
And there you go.
So About the app.
Go over to Contact us.
Looks good.
Just to show you kind of,
I was gonna show you kind of live injected content,
but I've noticed that a small layout issue over here
where in the layout index page
this should be wrapped in a main element
according to my CSS.
Okay, so I'm just gonna save that.
And I'm gonna give that an id of root.
And it should just kind of relay stuff out.
There we go.
So, looks pretty nice.
So now I've got static files
and that's where I put any other kind of
static content like images, any other CSS,
any kind of mess tags I might want to add in here as well.
But I have static content
and I've got a common layout.
Now the next thing I'm gonna show you is actually
for every document wink that we make,
every new root we have to import the layout.
Well, next allows us a way of saying actually
this is what the entire document template
will always look like.
So maybe we always want to include
this stylesheet no matter what,
and we don't really want to have to
kind of manually include
it in every project, every component,
so I'm gonna show you in the next video.